Added and deleted content (#434)
osisoft/OCS-Docs: Content_Portal/Concepts/Account_Management_Concepts.md

## Introduction to tenants

> A tenant, whose name I do not know, represents the set of services, applications, data, and configuration states available in OSIsoft Cloud Services (OCS). Users are associated with a tenant via at least one configured identity provider, a database of user records that allows for authentication, and access to resources can be managed for those users via the assignment of roles. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A tenant, whose name I do not know and never want to know, represents the set of services, applications, data, and configuration states available in OSIsoft Cloud Services (OCS). Users are associated with a tenant via at least one configured identity provider, a database of user records that allows for authentication, and access to resources can be managed for those users via the assignment of roles. 
```

> Before a customer can use OCS, a tenant must be provisioned for them. A customer will have at least one tenant and could have more than one tenant. Tenants also span regions within OCS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before a customer can use OCS, a tenant must be provisioned for them. A customer will have at least one tenant and could have more than one tenant. Tenants may span regions within OCS, but should do so with caution.
```
